# Knowledgebase
## Goal
The primary goal of this project is to house information in the form of a ZettelKasten to help make connections across tiers of information, reinforce principles that underpin techniques, systems, and pair them, when applicable, with demonstration environments where the theory can then become practice. One notable secondary goal of this project is to help mitigate information overload and provide an outlet where things have an opportunity to exit the brain. In a knowledge position it's not worth memorizing what one can reliably source and this project can serve as one of many sources.

## Reason
The impetus for this project is to pair theory with practice (when possible), in one repository, instead of as it often happens, being strewn across various projects with unknown timelines, often private access, and varying standards. This knowlegebase is not just limited to technical topics like programming but will serve to be a resource for things I have learned, am learning, and plan to learn. Feel free to peruse this knowlegebase if you've stumbled onto it but also understand that while the ZettelKasten does have an underlying and repeatable strucuture, it is a very personal project and thrives on connections that one draws between the notes (Zettels). These connections may or may not mean the same things for every individual.

## Tooling
I am currently using VS Code as an editor alongsie the Foam plugin for the ZettelKasten, it can generate Zettels, show a connections graph, and a slew of other things I have yet to dig into. I will be largely using Storybook for the demonstration platforms, deviation from Storybook will mean there's a specific tool for it's demonstration purposes. You might think of a Jupyter notebook instead, pairing with Python.

## Current State
The current state is in transition as we are working to identify a sane structure to house both warehouses of theory and practice under one roof. There is also some work to do on the content as it stands because it is not necessarily in it's smallest form for each Zettel. The size of each Zettel may vary for our purposes of this knowledgebase. My reading has turned up that this is a popular tool for authors to gather up information and make connections between pieces of data, as a topic unfolds I would imagine larger notes get split to smaller notes and things will certainly evolve. Right now I am working on a logical structure to house this but enjoy the reading if you choose to poke around.

## Next Steps
Get a simple demonstration environment setup so we can stand up a single example as a model to follow. This will likely be a very basic Storybook working with only HTML, to keep the initial setup quick and nimble and to start to provide a structure that can be mirrored easily across demonstration environments. We are hoping to use Nx or other multi platform tools for the multiple storybooks. After that we will adjust the readme accordingly to point to some logical entry points.
